[Music]
the story begins with dong-won and his
family who have just moved to a new
house
it was also raining heavily at that time
but the furniture had not yet been moved
because the truck was blocked by a car
until finally the car owner appeared who
put on a cynical face and then moved his
car recklessly song one is very
comfortable living in their new house
until the next day a strange thing is
found where the floor of the house looks
like it's tilted even a marble can just
roll without being touched
arriving at dong one's office he is
congratulated on his new home but after
he informs him of the location of his
new home his office colleagues are
immediately shocked because the place is
a former industrial complex and sewage
treatment plant so it is considered
unfit to live in
don't want to bother with it by directly
cutting
at night it rained very hard and at the
same time the building cracked and even
the glass door there cracked
the next morning sungyan was shocked by
the cracked glass door he tried to touch
it and it broke
in addition dong won also finds that the
ground floor of his building has a
severe crack which of course cannot be
left alone
all the neighbors were gathered to
discuss this issue in the end this
meeting did not get results because they
were instead busy discussing personal
problems with each other
one day dong one's office friends come
to his new house and they are amazed by
the beautiful view from above then the
program continues with eating and
drinking together until late at night
the next morning two of dong once
colleagues had left early while the rest
of them spent the night there named yoon
joo and kim
on the other hand dong won's wife and
children have just returned from
shopping here they run into aunt mina
and her husband who are going to the
bathhouse because the water in their
house is dead
then dong one's son schweiken wants to
take the trolley home to help his mother
carry the groceries
after waking up kim rushed to leave
because he had an appointment with a
client but the taxi driver was busy
calling which irritated him
meanwhile schweiken seemed to have
brought a trolley and was about to
return to his mother but suddenly the
marble fell so he tried to pick it up
from under the car
at the same time sun yan was talking
about the dead water in his house to the
man in the opposite building then
suddenly there was a very loud shaking
and immediately the building where he
lived began to fall down of course this
was not a mass natural disaster because
only that one building fell
but also not to be underestimated
because the building was mired hundreds
of meters deep into the ground
below the taxi car that kim was riding
kept moving here and there of course
this was very dangerous just a little
slip to the wrong side and the car would
be squashed between the wall of the hole
and the building
but fortunately dong won was quick to
help him after that hai jun also managed
to survive as well as sung one
moving on to the top where the rescue
team begins to devise a plan to save the
victims
several people were lowered using ropes
but the walls of the hole continued to
slide so they had to find another way
moving on to sung one who suddenly
panicked considering that his son was
still not found after searching almost
desperately sung tae was finally found
locked in a room knowing this difficult
condition sung tae tried to calm down
while devising a strategy to survive
in fact don juan is also worried for his
family but he can rest easy knowing that
his wife and children were shopping when
this tragedy occurred
so the most important thing now is that
they have to survive at all costs even
though the conditions are getting worse
with the heavy rain
this incident did not escape the media
spotlight an expert said that the cause
of this incident was the sinking of the
foundation
meanwhile dong-won's wife looks helpless
knowing her husband is one of the
victims
this time the rescue team lowered the
drone to find out the conditions below
unfortunately the drone suddenly lost
signal then fell free
seeing that sung tae immediately calls
the others they also tried to
communicate via drone cameras but
suddenly the building fell back down
when kim almost fell hai jun rushed to
tie a cable to the iron pole to save him
with the help of dong-won and seung-won
kim slowly began to be pulled up but the
rope broke so that suying fell in the
thick mud
luckily the plants had an idea by
breaking the window pane downstairs so
the mud was sucked in
and the plan worked
by nightfall the rescue team started
getting signals so the drones could be
raised here they saw five survivors
while there were still three people who
had not been found
namely minson with his mother and sung
hoon while miss schweiken was still
confused whether her child was missing
above or below she also asked the
officers for help to track her child's
whereabouts
sung hoon's mother feels uneasy because
her son has not been found
the atmosphere became even more
emotional with the arrival of bad news
where after tracking down the cell phone
that schweiken brought it turned out
that schweiken was also trapped in the
hole
the next day the rescue team was still
looking for ways to evacuate the victims
and tonight it is expected to rain very
heavily which has the potential to cause
further landslides
day in short starting at night the
trapped people received supplies in the
form of food drinks satellite phones and
breathing apparatus
here dong won gets a call from his wife
saying schwichen is downstairs and
hasn't been found
without thinking he wanted to save his
son alone by being guarded using a
safety rope held by his friends
at the same time it started to rain so
the captain of the rescue team took the
risk to come down directly to evacuate
but not long after the nearby building
also collapsed and fell into the hole
again the plan had to be cancelled those
below were shaken too so that don juan's
safety harness fell off fortunately down
there dong one managed to find schweiken
after a tiring search then they saw an
old woman who was none other than
minson's mother the grandmother said
that her son was seriously injured until
he was unconscious
besides that there is also sung hoon who
turns out to be dead
since the place is about to sink dong
won invites the grandmother to leave but
the invitation is rejected because the
grandmother wants to continue with her
son min's son
as a result dong one only went alone
with schweiken the journey to the top
was not easy especially with the heavy
rain
of course the tension didn't end here
there were other buildings above them
that could fall at any time
besides that heavy rainwater had also
begun to flood the place they began to
collect all objects that could float to
be used as buoys
then suddenly sungyan came carrying a
large water reservoir this object became
the only hope for them one by one people
began to enter except for sungyan
soon the walls of the hole began to leak
and spit out a lot of water so that the
reservoir began to float upwards but not
long after that the building above them
fell even though the tank was able to
escape from the pressure of this
building they still had to deal with a
new problem namely entanglement in the
network
cable unfortunately just after releasing
the reservoir it hit a sharp iron until
it leaked and unexpectedly sonian came
to help
it turned out that he was still alive
thanks to the respirator earlier
with the cooperation between them again
the problem can be solved
here kim also swiftly closed the leak of
the reservoir using his hands
in short they all managed to float to
the surface of the water and luckily the
officers were aware of their presence
instantly a happy and sad atmosphere
mixed there happy because there were
survivors sad because some had died